Add "Getting started" documentation page (#5935)
valhalla/valhalla: docs/docs/getting-started.md

wget --directory-prefix osm/ \
    https://download.geofabrik.de/europe/andorra-latest.osm.pbf
```

!!! warning

    Valhalla can work with multiple data extracts, but this is discouraged. See [Issue 3925](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla/issues/3925).

### Build admins database

Admins database has information about administrative boundaries: country borders and so on. Valhalla uses this to flag country crossings and figure out on which side of the road to drive - left or right.

```bash
valhalla_build_admins -c config.json andorra-latest.osm.pbf
```

We'll see some warnings and errors in the logs:

```text
2026-03-08 09:24:08.911757938 [WARN] Catalunya (349053) is missing way member 1415938360
2026-03-08 09:24:08.911786366 [WARN] Catalunya (349053) is degenerate and will be skipped

...

2026-03-08 09:24:08.915498329 [ERROR] sqlite3_step() error: NOT NULL constraint failed: admin_access.admin_id.  Ignore if not using a planet extract or check if there was a name change for Cymru / Wales
```

It's safe to ignore them for now as we use a regional PBF extract, not the whole planet.

!!! info

    For production, use the whole planet. TODO Why?

### Download time zones database

> Valhalla uses time zones to enable departure or arrival date and time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valhalla uses time zones to enable proper arrival and departure times and time zone metadata in route results.
```

There's a [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla/actions/workflows/publish_tz_db.yml) which builds time zones database for the whole planet and publishes it as an artifact available for download. To get the latest file, follow the link, select the latest run and download the SQLite database file to the working directory.

> ![List of runs on GitHub Actions](images/timezones-select-latest-run-1200x768.jpeg){ width="600" }

Reviewer: I don't like putting screenshots here; what if GitHub changes its user interface? I think the links to the artifacts and the workflow are sufficient

# Getting started

## Prerequisites

Basic familiarity with:

- Command line
- Docker
- Package management

## Requirements

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

## Install

> See _Installation instructions_ for detailed information.

> > TODO: Use Python library instead?

Reviewer 2: ah, actually `valhalla_build_config` is inside the wheel and gets installed, but not as a script. it's at <pyvalhalla_root>/valhalla_build_config.

> The simplest way to install Valhalla and the tools is with Docker. We'll use the [official _base_ image](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla/pkgs/container/valhalla):

Reviewer 3: it really depends on how you're going to use Valhalla. There are several ways of configure it and several distinct use cases as well. For instance, one might want to have a Valhalla navigation built in Android app and then python or docker might not be the best course of actions.

Author: Yeah, I understand. My initial idea is to get people up and running quickly, but still show at least an overview of the whole process.

Maybe we could add more pages to the _Installation_ section or upcoming _Operations guide_? Stuff like building a C++ library for Android seems a bit more complex, so I would make a specific guide for this use case. What do you think?
